Throughout my childhood,
I didn’t receive the love
that a child should have from his family.
I lost my father to alcoholism
when I was very young,
and then my older brother committed suicide.
I had to raise myself.
Growing up, I was often beaten,
and I saw scenes of horrible violence.
As a result, I became a drug addict.
This loveless upbringing
made me a very violent person,
unable to love and trust anyone.
I was depressed.
I couldn’t have a normal,
happy life like everyone else.
One night, Joseph
came home completely drunk.
He set the apartment on fire.
And in one night, we lost everything we had.
I had been studying the Bible
for just a few months
when the sister gave me
an envelope full of cash.
The local congregation wanted to help us buy,
well, everything we had lost.
I thought, ‘It’s incredible that people
who don’t even know me
can show such deep love and affection.’
So I met with two brothers
that same evening, and I asked them,
“Can God really forgive my sins?”
They showed me 1 Corinthians 6:9-11.
At that moment,
I realized that I could change.
I had found the truth.
With Jehovah’s help,
I was able to give up drugs,
alcohol, and cigarettes in three months.
Today, I’m a very happy man.
I have learned to trust people,
to become a loving husband,
and a caring father.
Despite my loveless upbringing,
Jehovah showed me that “love never fails.”